## Code Layout:
- The *src* folder contains all the main files that are used to train and test models. 
- The *opts* file in the *lib* folder contains all the parameters for training the model, and the *mod_opts* file contains the additional parameters for the task vehint which is to detect the vehicle objects and their internals. 
- The *datasets* folder contains the *dataset* and *sample* folders, and the *dataset_factory.py* file. The *dataset* folder contains all the files for all the different datasets that are used. These files will contain the basic information about the dataset, like the eigenvalues to be used, the mean, standard deviation, path to the folders and files that contain the dataset, and the coco objects that are used to get the images and their labels. The *sample* folder contains all the files for all the different tasks that are used, but these files have the ```get_item``` method defined in them for the dataloader object. The *vehint.py* and *vehint_coco.py* files are different in the sense that the *vehint.py* file conatins the method to get the input and lables for the apollo dataset for the actual vehicle internal detection task and the *vehint_coco.py* file is for debugging purposes to try training on single image from the coco datatset. the *dataset_factory.py* file contains the code to get the right dataset file and task file based on the parameters specified. 
- The *detectors* folder contains all the files for detection after the model has been trained. All the detectors derive from the base class *base_detector.py*. 
- The *models* folder contains all the files that will be used as helper functions in training, for calculating losses, creating a basic model based on the specified parameters, for decoding the output frmo the model to readable predictions, and the *networks* folder. The *networks* contains all the model architectures. These have not been modified and are the same as the actual CenterNet code. 
- The *trains* folder contains all the files that will be used in the actual training process. Every task has a different file. All the training classes derive from the base class in the *base_trainer.py* file. The vehint task uses the trainer in the *multi_pose.py* file.   
